that's not just tell them even legal
team working right listen up guys we got
something so what you'll see just came
off the live feed I don't want to see I
want to be prepped and then see just
came off the line what then now let you
smoke in here that's what are you
showing out the door that was the door I
just left wait you tell me right now we
have cameras on that we don't have a
sound effect of the door what you're
seeing is what we got what what we have
Joe reacting to the door shut up turn
that off please it's not enjoy using
what's how does a not be one focused on
the door that's the whole end goal when
someone leaves is then walking through
the door but not bad Hawks up need to
get Bob back and walking through the
door right if you can find him yeah yeah
we can't have lost him how does one
argument about smoking and walked out
the front door then open a window didn't
go on to jockey walk out the front door
which is great except that except that
there's no there's nothing to come on
there's no drama all right so we have we
have mystery box all we can do is play
for mr. who was he what happened it
doesn't matter he's a mystery man we've
got a mystery with no we never substance
behind it so we get to fill it in oh I
know you're going where am I going
you're going with us if we can bring we
can bring him back we can have Bob like
on a tropical beach like and they're all
miserable in the house we've been
putting them through this challenging
Bob's like yeah whatever how can I ideas
that well it would be funny and be funny
in a cartoon this is a reality show this
is a competition these people are
fighting with each other we can't have
this happen people are gonna see the
show you see the first time let me
finish okay people never say this is
crazy hugs for max you're gonna give
yourself a heart attack she's breathe
why don't we turn this into an
anti-smoking maybe someone will throw us
alone again yes so we can make it look
like maybe they're they're they're
they're pushing him out ostracize you
smoke yeah far can we string this out
not part how much footage how many hours
of footage do we have of them actually
doing anything that we can pull from
before we lead up to that this is all
we've all we've got this chitchat
footage at this point these people it's
meet and greet we can ask those
questions in the confessionals mm-hmm
with my bombs leaving Tim back to get
anything good there's nothing there's no
Jews we're gonna get like conflict one
down six To Go crap one down six to go I
guess it's one more person out of the
house so I guess that's good that's just
one more person I don't have to deal
with open this door we just can't go out
right yeah laughs who cares II laughs
that's just more
you like if you had to follow I've
learned in a pub vodka point it's
obviously Evie did something she was
pushing up she's mean to people like she
just has this tone it's it's kind of
like caddy and mean course i'm gonna
yell and scream and cuss and swear like
it's just natural like why wouldn't I
you just want to talk about I'm usual
series is what he believed as well me
now do comes out cheetahs can't hear you
what was it your weapon he's have to do
you come down on the monkey ball three
pop now there we've got a problem I
think she might be gonna feed mini NEX
cuz obviously you don't get along very
well like your kin selection is I still
smell smoke that was probably just come
off as like you did that right tell him
to do that's right i mean i was
meditating you screaming divine you real
small penis she can't align herself with
that's like all that stuff because you
are the elements like carbon smoke look
he's gone yet he's gone that's just not
warm uh yeah i'm not an actual g you
know like three you know but like still
he's gonna be the one I come down on
artist next he's the one I'm kicking out
he's heathen be gone use assam hey I'm
not the best good to begin with here
y'all ready so fuck yeah no no I know
what's wrong
I can't trust him oh it was just like
cycle I don't really understand why this
you know like average normal looking
pretty decent looking guy is like
lighting up in the house I don't
understand I don't know this is
something about that's what they want I
told Jase not to say so I don't really
miss him I mean he was the cutest guy in
the house but like I mean I'm sure I can
flirt with other boys in the house I
mean they all like me so it's not a big
problem Oh who's up for a game of lawn
darts or something its a bright sunshiny
day isn't it perfect weather for our
next challenge for you okay there's no
point to these dudes at all Joe is an
alcoholic I'm like rock the winner gets
power power to the son who in the house
will eat today
you
what he just he's left